# strings
Create a class called HW2 that contains the following methods:  onlyEnglishLetters takes a String as input and returns a boolean: The method should return true if every character in the input string is an English letter. It should return false if there exists a character that is not an English letter.  > HW2.onlyEnglishLetters("abDkfdoFRs") true > HW2.onlyEnglishLetters("lFKe5aaa") false replaceKth takes two chars, an int and a String as input and returns a String: The int input represents a number k, and the method should replace the kth occurrence of the first char input with the second char input. If the first char does not occur at least k times, then nothing is replaced.  > HW2.replaceKth('a', 'x', 3, "abcaaa") "abcaxa" > HW2.replaceKth('a', 'x', 6, "aaaaa") "aaaaa" interleave takes two Strings as input and returns a String: The output should have the first character of the first input string followed by the first character of the second input string, and then the second character of the first string followed by the second character of the second string. If one string has fewer characters than the other, the rest of the characters of the longer string should appear at the end of the output.  > HW2.interleave("abcde", "ABC") "aAbBcCde" blankWords takes a Strings as input and returns a String: Any word of the input (here a word is defined to be consecutive letters) has all but the first and last letters replaced by the '_' character.  HW2.blankWords("This is a Test.") "T__s is a T__t." nthWord takes an int and a String as input and returns a String: The input int represents a number n that is assumed to be positive, and the output string contains every nth word of the input string, starting with the first word, separated by a single space. {\em For this method, a word is defined to be a sequence of non-space characters.} There should be no space at the end of the output string.  > HW2.nthWord(3, "zero one    two  three four five six seven") "zero three six" truncateAfter takes an int and a String as input and returns a String: The input string may contain hyphens and spaces that mark appropriate places to truncate the string. The output string will be a truncated version of the input string, and the input int value is the desired length of the output string. The output string should truncate the input string at the first legal spot such that the output string will have at least the desired length. If the truncation happens at a space, the space is not included in the output, but if the truncation happens at a hyphen, the hyphen is included. No other hyphens are included in the output, but the other spaces are. (If the input string does not have enough characters to meet the desired minimum, then the output should be the entire input string without the hyphens.)  > HW2.truncateAfter(5, "La-te-ly the-re.") "Late-" > HW2.truncateAfter(6, "La-te-ly the-re.") "Lately" > HW2.truncateAfter(7, "La-te-ly the-re.") "Lately the-"
